---
templateKey: news-post
image: /img/0_2fno1wxk0kzx0qoh.jpg
title: A comparison between Angular and React and their core languages
category: Front End
date: 2018-10-11T18:09:04.121Z
tags:
  - angular
  - react
  - front-end
  - framework
  - javascript
---
In this article, we will compare two of the most popular web technologies in 2018, and also address their history, key differences, core languages used (TypeScript and JavaScript) and so forth. Overall, these technologies have made it much easier for developers to reuse, refactor, and maintain code by dividing things into modules/components.



The goal of this article is not to find the best technology, but to compare, highlight, and clarify few misconceptions. We’ll also focus on what is important instead of minor details that do not really matter in the long-term.



You should be aware that the comparison between these two technologies cannot be fully covered. Angular comes with a complete framework (MVC), while React is a fronted-library with lots of open-source packages to integrate with.



Note! The word technologies is a replacement for Angular and React.



## Questions to be addressed

* What are the key differences between Angular and React?
* What makes TypeScript so special?
* How popular are these technologies?
* What is the current open-source status?
* Which technology do companies use the most?
* Do static typed languages influence code quality and development time?
* Future sections will be added based on demand from the comments.



[Read More...](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/a-comparison-between-angular-and-react-and-their-core-languages-9de52f485a76)

Source: https://medium.freecodecamp.org/a-comparison-between-angular-and-react-and-their-core-languages-9de52f485a76
